\ingroup GrpHiddenPages
\author Gerald Fahrnholz

\defgroup GrpCommonFunctionality Common functionality for an extension project - Online help, manifest, icons
@{
\ingroup GrpDesign

Overview:
- \ref common_index_html          "Index.html - Providing online help"
- \ref common_manifest            "Manifest with key infos for the user"
- \ref common_icon                "Icons for a tool window"

\anchor common_index_html 
<h2>Index.html - Providing online help</h2>
This file is used to generate online help which will be available
within Visual Studio under Menu "Extras / Extension and Updates" when TestExecWin
is selected within the list of tools.

You can provide any HTML coded textual information together with embedded images.
The image files should be stored within sub directory "Resources" and added as existing
items to the equally named project filter.

It is required that the picture files will be included into the generated VSIX package otherwise
the corresponding HTML links will fail for the installed extension.
Therefore the corresponding settings of each file have to be set:

- Include in VSIX: True
- Copy in output directory: copy always

Screenshot of settingsdialog:
\image html Pictures/SettingsForDocPictures.png

\anchor common_manifest 
<h2>Manifest with key infos for the user</h2>
The generated file "source.extension.vsixmanifest" is a
manifest file which contains key infos which are displayed to the user
when your extension is selected under Menu "Extras / Extension and Updates"
or when the user starts installation of the generated VSIX package.

Within Visual Studio an edit mask is displayed to enter relevant information:
\image html Pictures/ManifestEditor.png

\anchor common_icon 
<h2>Icons for a tool window</h2>

Within Visual Studio menu "Extras / Extension and Updates" a big icon is displayed.
Use the icon Resurces/YourApp.ico as generated by the wizard. If needed adjust it to size
32 x 32 pixel to get a bigger picture.

Example TestExecWin.ico:
\image html Pictures/TestExecWin.ico

Within menu "View / Other windows" a smaller icon is displayed. It is taken from
the most left part of the wizard generated bitmap Resources/YourAppCommand.png.
Adjust this bitmap to your needs.

Example TestExecWindowCommand.png:
\image html Pictures/TestExecWindowCommand.png

@}
